README.md, before:

# RESUME App
### Check out my portfolio and proffesional carrier so far.

---
#### Content:
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Status](#setup)
* [Inspiration](#inspiration)

---
## General info
This is supposed to be resume app to share with others. Let's see how it's gonna develop.  
To begin with I'll focus on front end technologies, as this is what I'm currently dealing at my work. I'm planning to write just a sample back end Spring Boot application with User model to share some data to be displayed in UI.

---
## Technologies
*BACK END:*
* Programming language: *Java* 17.
* Frameworks: 
  * *Spring  Boot* 2.6.7, 
  * *Hibernate*. 
* Data base: *MariaDB 10.3.3*.
* Other projects: *Lombok*.

FRONT END:
 * to be specified, but I think it will be an Angular project.

---
## Setup
To be updated.

---
## Status
What's ready vs. what will be ready:
- [ ] Spring Boot application with DB config to store User data (maybe extended to CRUD in the future)
- [ ] UI (probably Angular app)

---
## Inspirations.
To be updated.

Commit message:

Front-end tech staff specified; some descriptions changed and typos revised.

README.md, after:

# RESUME App
### Check out my portfolio and professional carrier so far.

---
#### Content:
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Status](#status)
* [Inspiration](#inspirations)

---
## General info
This is supposed to be resume app to present myself to the others. Let's see how it's gonna develop.  
To begin with I'll focus on front end technologies, as this is what I'm currently dealing with at my work.  
For the moment, I'm planning to write just a simple back end Spring Boot application with User model to share some fixed data to be displayed in UI. When that works I might be interested in extending to CRUD.

---
## Technologies
*BACK END:*
* Programming language: *Java* 17.
* Frameworks: 
  * *Spring  Boot* 2.6.7, 
  * *Hibernate*. 
* Data base: *MariaDB 10.3.3*.
* Other projects: *Lombok*.

FRONT END:
 * Frameworks: *Angular 13.3.6*
 * Libraries: *Bootstrap 5.2*

---
## Setup
To be updated.

---
## Status
What's ready vs. what will be ready:
- [x] Spring Boot application with DB config
- [ ] Model classes
- [ ] REST controllers
- [ ] Angular UI (I'll list the features I want to include later on)

---
## Inspirations.
To be updated.
